Re-write production checklist (#247)
alphagov/paas-tech-docs: source/documentation/deploying_apps/production_checklist.md

## Production checklist

Before you deploy an app to a production environment, you must:

> - [get a domain from GOV.UK](https://www.gov.uk/service-manual/technology/get-a-domain-name) for your service and set the [DNS records required by your cdn-route service](https://docs.cloud.service.gov.uk/deploying_services/use_a_custom_domain/#set-up-a-cdn-route-service-with-one-or-more-custom-domains) on the GOV.UK PaaS

Reviewer: I realise this is not the majority of users but this does not apply to non-central government users who are not hosting stuff on a service domain.

> - [get a domain from GOV.UK](https://www.gov.uk/service-manual/technology/get-a-domain-name) for your service and set the [DNS records required by your cdn-route service](https://docs.cloud.service.gov.uk/deploying_services/use_a_custom_domain/#set-up-a-cdn-route-service-with-one-or-more-custom-domains) on the GOV.UK PaaS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- get a domain for your service and set the [DNS records required by your cdn-route service](/deploying_services/use_a_custom_domain/#set-up-a-cdn-route-service-with-one-or-more-custom-domains)
  - for central government services, which use the GOV.UK domain, refer to the [service manual guidance](https://www.gov.uk/service-manual/technology/get-a-domain-name)
  - if using your own CDN, refer to [the relevant documentation](/deploying_services/configure_cdn/#configure-your-custom-domain-in-cloud-foundry)
```

Author: thanks Toby, I've added your suggestion in, I've just amended it slightly to avoid nested bullets due to style considerations
